hey YouTube friends and family shotgun
shooting here and oil the gun wants to
know your barbecue gun or which gun you
would take to a BBQ and I can't decide
between my band Wesson 44 Magnum for my
polymer judge I I love them both and
it's hard for me to decide I think
they're both beautiful in their own way
something about a big blued revolver
that I just love
yeah no paper right here no paper weight
my Hawk is here look at that as a big
heavy gun right there the original grip
mm-hmm
hello my guess
my polymer too
so I don't know I just can't decide but
one of these two a big blue revolver
yeah the two of my my favorite guns for
sure so these are my BBQ guns probably
be my polymer judged because it's a
little easier to carry and it's it's
just a little bit lighter but you never
know you know we can put the judge in my
waistband and Myra moral holster and I
put the weapon in my purse yeah there we
go perfect all right let's go let's go
to a BBQ shotgun see any out